
I want to build a client Intake form for placing requests for a Labor Market Based Research Reports.
The UI should have two panel options
Workforce Reports
Consulting Reports
The panel is Workforce Reports - It has the definition of standard reports, Uses cases and also displays all possible 8 Reports that we can deliver.
Ex- Strategic Sourcing, Location Analysis, Competitor Analysis, EVP , Diversity, Job Posting, Hourly wage worker Analysis

The standard Reports pane also displays and communicate client that it takes up to 2 weeks to get the report delivery. the cost ranges is between X&Y and it's a self-service portal and client can view, download, share the reports by themselves.



Consulting Reports - Custom tailored average is four to six weeks, much longer.It is a complex report that has parameters that are not included in standard or are outside of. The client should be aware that they are more expensive and take longer time up to 4 weeks.
Also the servive usually end up with a consulting service. When the user select this panel, then UI should be more of a conversational driven UI asking questions like
Tell me about your problem stattement
What is the problem you are solving it today
Give them high level category and capture as much information as possible.


Also add a scheduler feature at the bottom of the selection cards - The text for the scheduler is 
Not sure which report fits your needs? Book a call with a representative.
When the user click on the book a call, the UI should list the below questions and collect answers from the user
Please describe the business or talent need or challenge you are seeking to address (please share the context that’s leading to this request vs the solution you’re seeking).
What type of support are you seeking?  E.g., data, insights, consulting support?
What are the key questions you would like us to address as part of that solution?
What are the decisions/outcomes this will inform?
Is there a timeline that we will need to meet when delivering our solution?

Then the UI should display a calendar with available timeslots from the Team’s calendar so that the user can book some time.


WorkForce Reports:

When the user hover their mouse on each of the tiles on the workforce Report page. For Ex> When the hover the mouse on the Staregic sourcing Tile, then the UI shoyuld display the basic Definition of the Strategic Souring in the context of talent retain and attarct  suppl, demand, Salary and diversity. The UI shoyold also dispaly 3  top uses cases that thei resaerch report could be used to. 


When the click on the Strategic Sourcing  Reports, The user will be taken to a page transition. The page now displays again a detailed view on Definition of the startegic Sourcing report. It should also show the available variants within Staregic Sourcing Report. 
The Ui should show two panels side by side comparisons - Strategic Sourcing and Strategic Sourcing Plus
each Panel or tile should display a clear text to the user on
Basic Definition of each report and key difference
key benefits
3 to 5 Uses cases
What does the report shall contain
The basic version contains 
Talent Supply
Talent Demand
Talent Supply-Demand Ratio
Talent Cost (Median)
Top Competitors Housing and Hiring Talent
Top Titles
Top Skills
The Strategic Sourcing Plus version contains the 
Everything in Basic version in addition to the below
Alternate Location Identification
Talent Supply by Experience
Talent Cost by Percentile (25th, 50th, 90th)
Talent Demand by Experience (TN covered countries only)
Talent Supply by Industry 
Diversity
The UI will also provide a two buttons on each panel or tile.
View Example (user can click on this and view a sample PPT export version of the final report.)
Select this report (user can select this and place a request)

When the user selects Consulting Project Tile, on the main page, then the app will take the user to a new screen.
It has the definition of Consulting Projects, Uses cases, timelines, benefits, uses cases and also displays all possible 8 Reports that we can deliver.
Ex- Strategic Sourcing, Location Analysis, Competitor Analysis, EVP , Diversity, Job Posting, Hourly wage worker Analysis

When the user hover their mouse on each of the tiles on the workforce Report page. For Ex> When the hover the mouse on the Staregic sourcing Tile, then the UI shoyuld display the basic Definition of the Strategic Souring in the context of talent retain and attarct  suppl, demand, Salary and diversity. The UI shoyold also dispaly 3  top uses cases that thei resaerch report could be used to. 


When the click on the Strategic Sourcing  Reports,
The app shouyld take the user to a new screen and then should start with a AI Conversational based Q& A

The app should display first question as -
what problem are you trying to solve? ( This answer should be a Text box, where user will type.)
Or 
          The UI will provide Or and ask the user to select something from a multiple choice
what is the primary purpose of this study?
The options are - Attract / Retain talent, Location Strategy / Competitor Analysis, Employer Branding, Diversity

The UI should allow the user to type the answer or sleect a multiple choice question.

Once user answer the question, the UI prmpt another question in a versitical transition way 
what kind of talent are you looking for?Options are - professional Roles, Front-line roles, Senior Roles, Highly nice Roles

Once the user answers the question, it will prompt another question.

Do you have a deadline for this consulting project
the options shall be - Delievry in 4-6 weeks , Expedited delivery (Have a hard deadline)

If the user answers the hard deadline, the UI will ask the user to pick a any future date. the UI also displays that there will a cost associated for the fast delivery.

the UI also provide at the botom of the screen -  same Schedule a consultation feature that is displayed on the main screen here. So that user can select and schedule a call.



